Surface Program class logging pattern (#15518)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/logging/index.md

[!code-csharp[](index/samples/3.x/TodoApiSample/Program.cs?name=snippet_LogFromMain&highlight=9,10)]

> Logging during host construction isn't directly supported. However, a static third-party logger can be used. In the following example, a [Serilog](https://serilog.net/) logger is used to log in `CreateHostBuilder`. `AddSerilog` uses the static configuration specified in `Log.Logger`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logging during host construction isn't directly supported. However, a separate logger can be used. In the following example, a [Serilog](https://serilog.net/) logger is used to log in `CreateHostBuilder`. `AddSerilog` uses the static configuration specified in `Log.Logger`:
```

[!code-csharp[](index/samples/3.x/TodoApiSample/Program.cs?name=snippet_LogFromMain&highlight=9,10)]

> Logging in `ConfigureServices` isn't directly supported. However, a static third-party logger can be used. In the following example, a [Serilog](https://serilog.net/) logger is used to log in `CreateHostBuilder`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logging in `ConfigureServices` isn't directly supported. However, a separate logger can be used. In the following example, a [Serilog](https://serilog.net/) logger is used to log in `CreateHostBuilder`:
```

Reviewer: This description says you can't log in ConfigureServices, but the sample shows how to log in CreateHostBuilder? The sample should also log in ConfigureServices?

Author: Maybe better as “logging while building the host” isn’t supported. Is that accurate?

Author: Like that? ☝️

using Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration;
using Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting;
using Microsoft.Extensions.Logging;

public class Program
{
    public static void Main(string[] args)
    {
        var host = CreateHostBuilder(args);
        
        if (host != null)
        {
            host.Build().Run();
        }
    }

    public static IHostBuilder CreateHostBuilder(string[] args)
    {
        var builtConfig = new ConfigurationBuilder()
            .AddJsonFile("appsettings.json")
            .AddCommandLine(args)
            .Build();

        Log.Logger = new LoggerConfiguration()
            .WriteTo.Console()
            .WriteTo.File(builtConfig["Logging:FilePath"])
            .CreateLogger();

        try
        {
            return Host.CreateDefaultBuilder(args)
                .ConfigureServices((context, services) =>
                {
                    services.AddRazorPages();
                })
                .ConfigureAppConfiguration((hostingContext, config) =>
                {
                    config.AddConfiguration(builtConfig);
                })
                .ConfigureLogging(logging =>
                {

>                     logging.AddSerilog();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    // AddSerilog utilizes the static config specified above in `Log.Logger`.
                    logging.AddSerilog();
```

                })
                .ConfigureWebHostDefaults(webBuilder =>
                {
                    webBuilder.UseStartup<Startup>();
                });
        }
        catch (Exception ex)
        {
            Log.Fatal(ex, "Host builder error");

>             return null;

Reviewer: rethrow so Main doesn't have to check for null.
```suggestion
            throw;
```
